{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1AE0000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green15\blue15;
\red235\green234\blue230;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;
\cssrgb\c93725\c93333\c92157;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c7843;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18440\viewh17480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Hero
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Coaching that meets your nervous system where it actually is.
\f0\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 InnerVerse is AI coaching built for the gap, between what your life demands and what your nervous system can actually hold. Designed by coaches. State-aware. Doesn't try to fix you.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strokec3 Now in beta, web in testing.
\f0\i0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 [See it in action]\strokec3 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Demo section
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 See what state-aware coaching looks like.
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 A 2-minute walkthrough of how InnerVerse actually responds \'97 and why it sounds different from the AI you're used to.\strokec3 \
\strokec3 [Watch demo]\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3  
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Meets you in the state you're actually in\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Whether you arrive depleted, stuck, clear-headed, or carrying something heavy, the coaching changes register. It doesn't treat exhaustion like resistance, or clarity like something to redirect. The same product feels different on different days because you do.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Doesn't rush to fix
\f0\b0  \
Most AI defaults to solutions. InnerVerse defaults to contact. It won't push reframes when you need to be heard, won't supply scripts when you need to think, and won't talk you out of what you actually feel. When you do want directness, it gives you that too.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Built around your nervous system, not against it
\f0\b0  \
The pace your life runs at wasn't designed for human biology. InnerVerse is coaching built for that gap, for the moments your day didn't make space for. Before the call. After the conversation. At 2am when you can't sleep.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Three smaller credibility blocks
\f0\b0 \strokec3  
\f2\i \strokec3 (replaces Privacy First / Evidence-Based / Always Available)
\f0\i0 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Built by coaches
\f0\b0  Designed by a professional coach with seven years of practice. Every response shaped by what actually moves people, not what sounds good. (this reads super cheesy to me) \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Private by design
\f0\b0  Your conversations stay yours. We don't share, sell, or train on your personal data.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 For ongoing work, not one-off questions
\f0\b0  InnerVerse remembers what you've worked on, tracks what's shifting, and meets you where the last session left off. It's a relationship, that creates your own InnerVerse Constellations.\strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Testimonials \'97 
\f3\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 1\
At first it was annoying because my nervous system is wired for action, movement and immediate gratification. The more I worked it through, the more I got the fruits of the interaction. It's true to its name. It's forcing you to turn inward. It forces the slowdown and reflection and intentionally gets you uncomfortable \'97 but not unseen. This is where many coaches and therapists get it wrong. The tough love approach that doesn't actually meet you where you are. This one says, 'I see you exactly for who you are. Here's why you think it. Here's why it's holding you back.' Then gives you the space to dig yourself out." - Geoff, Founder, Perfectia Productions\
2\
 "It's slower at times than Claude, ChatGPT, or Grok: but hands down superior at coaching. More intimate, gentle, and kind. And it doesn't give you the 'call someone who cares' prompt, which makes me feel like even AI thinks I'm doomed. It meets me where I am with the exact problems I bring, and helps me see them more like opportunities where I can expand myself,without saying that. I've done 30 years of therapy and I know what kind of help is helpful. This one is. It showed me something I hadn't seen in my own behavior yet." - Amber Stubbs, PhD.\
3\
I've been married for over 15 years and I've made peace with the fact that my husband can be mean at times. I'm not leaving and I'm not trying to fix him. What I'm trying to do is stay clear about what's mine and what's his : which with my trauma history is harder than it sounds. Most coaching either pushed me toward a decision (leave) or flooded me with reframes that don't actually meet what I'm working on. InnerVerse does something different. It meets me where I actually am. When the system says something like 'your line is contact where there is respect, and space where there is not,' that's not a platitude: that's exactly the work. \
It supports the work I'm actually doing instead of trying to redirect me to the work it thinks I should be doing. - Anonymous beta tester\
\
4. \

\f4\fs28 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 I\'92ve done many, many different coachings and have found them by and large unhelpful. They ask the same three questions over and over again, and it doesn\'92t leave me any place for new discoveries. InnerVerse really did.  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb7 My coach Pierre, asked questions today I\'92d never had a coach ask before. It was a nice blend of reflection, discovery, and taking action \'97 I felt like I was going to be able to take action based on the work we did. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb7 The reflections were accurate and insightful. The coaching summary at the end was awesome: accurate, clearly distilled the conversation, and moved me toward action. Overall, a very effective tool.\'94 - Cherie\
\
5. \
\
I use LLMs a lot, but this is different. What they all have in common is that they are trying to be helpful, but it moves me away from where I was going. If you have ADHD, when it says \'91would you like me to do this next thing\'92 it takes moe offtrack. Branching is the gold star, the tinfoil we follow. InnerVerse doesn\'92t do that. The very short responses landed solidly. They forced me to think about where I wanted to go next and what my blind spots were. LLMs offer information that may or may not be right. This felt like it was directing me back to myself.\'94
\f0\fs34 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f5\i\b \cf0 \strokec3 "From early testers:"
\f1\i0  
\f0\b0 \

\f2\i "It doesn't try to make me feel better when I need to see something more clearly."
\f0\i0  \'97 
\f2\i "The first AI I've used that doesn't sound like an AI being warm at me."
\f0\i0  \'97 
\f2\i "I notice I slow down when I open it. That's never happened with a chat tool before."
\f0\i0 \strokec3 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Final CTA
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec3 Try a session.
\f0\b0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 The fastest way to understand what InnerVerse is, is to use it. Request Access here. \strokec3  }